[Autogenerated] And with this, I think we're OK with this.
Majola.
So what did you see in this Majola?
Well, you saw how to connect Eclipse, which is a job application toe.
Any jdb?
See Data baser.
As long as you have the J.
D.
B C driver.
Everything we have done with my sequel can be done with any database server.
We saw how to use the different user.
The sequel view the database Explorer view on the like.
We saw how to write on launch sequel query za,
and to get results in the sequel results view.
And at last,
we saw how to import and export data in row text to this J D B C database.
So thank you for watching this module.
I hope you found it interesting on.
I hope we will meet again in the next and last module off this eclipse for
Java developers calls you are going to see how to andl full Jeffer e applications and launch them in a Tomcat application server